so I end up doing a lot of travel is in this community even whether you're
you're considered shore duty or sea duty your costly traveling
perfect example I just got back from Guam this week the week of the
month before that I was in Florida the month before that I was in Washington
so I'm constantly traveling whether it's conus or conus and
I'm in I'm in shore duty right now I'm an instructor so even on our
sea duty when you're actually operating your traveling as well you're
making six seven month deployments you're traveling for exercises
conus and conus as well so we travel a lot and for me that's that's
kind of a positive I enjoy travelling and seeing the world it's one
of the reasons why I joined the navy in the first place